We are all done with some initial setup on tickets, so now it's time to actually go ahead and put some
implementation together.
Now, just as a quick reminder, these are the different route handlers we're going to build up inside
of this ticket service.
The first route handler we're going to work on is going to give us the ability to create a ticket.
So this is going to be the first one that we focus on, and we definitely could just go ahead and run
off and start to build out this route.
HANDLER But maybe a better way to approach the development of the service would be to kind of take a
test driven development sort of approach.
So I would like to first write out some tests around this, create a ticket rabbit handler and then
try to make those tests pass.
So let's give that a shot.
Back inside my editor.
I'm going to find the C directory inside there.
I'll make a new folder called Roots Inside that I'll make another new folder called Underscore.
Underscore, test, underscore, underscore.
And then inside there, I'll create a file called New Test.
I'm calling this file new because we're going to eventually have a new root handler.
The new root handler is for creating a new ticket.
Then inside of here, we'll put together some boilerplate, very similar to what we did on our last
application for testing a route handler.
At the very top, I'm going to import request from super test.
Well then import app.
And that is the express application from up to directories at.
Then we can start to write out some tests.
So here comes the big question.
What do we want to test?
Well, I think you could probably take a good guess at what we need to do.
We need to make sure that there is some route handler present at API tickets that will respond to a
post request.
We probably need to make sure that we write out a test that's going to make sure that we validate the
incoming request body.
So, for example, make sure there is a title and a price and that they are of the correct type.
We probably may need to make sure that request to this handler are always authenticated.
So in other words, a user must be signed into our application in order to access this handler, and
then maybe eventually some tests to make sure that say we actually create a ticket or something like
that.
So let's just write out some it blocks or it statements for some of the tests that we're probably going
to have to write.
I'm going to say it.
The first one is going to be something like it.
As a route handler listening to.
Slash API slash tickets.
Or post requests.
And I'll zoom out here in just a second so you can see this entire statement.
And there we go.
I'm going to copy paste this down a couple of times and then I'll just update the description on each
one and we'll eventually go in and write out some implementation for each test.
So how about on the second one, let's change the description to something like it can only be accessed
if the user is signed in, so that will be a check to make sure we've got some authentication related
stuff.
About for the next one, we'll say it returns and air.
If an invalid title is provided.
For the next one we could do it returns and error if an invalid price is provided.
And then maybe for the last one down here, we'll test and make sure that everything kind of works as
expected.
So how about something like it creates a ticket with valid.
Parameters or how about valid inputs?
So these are going to be the different tests we're going to write out.
And after we write out each test, we'll try to actually make each one pass.
Right now, let's just save the file, go back over to our terminal and remember how we actually run
our test suite.
So back at my terminal.
I'm going to make sure I'm inside of my tickets project directory so I'm no longer inside of ticketing.
I'm inside of tickets, and once I'm inside there, I'm going to start my test suite by running NPM
run test.
Okay.
It found my test file is now going to run all the tests inside there.
And right now they are all passing because we don't actually have any test code inside of any of them.
Okay.
So let's flip back over and let's start to focus on this first one.
First, a brief pause and we'll tackle it in the next video.